All right.
One of the questions I had is, first of all, does everything fit in the new house?
It doesn't.
So what I've done is really put the best books in the apartment.
I figured there's room for about 15,000 books, roughly, in the apartment.
Really a fraction of what you had.
Which was a fraction of what I had.
The rest is still in storage, and I'm trying to decide what to do.
about it at this point.
For example, I've taken the authors who I know I want to continue to collect in depth, say Faulkner or Hemingway or Pynchon or whatever.
I have just kept the really primary titles and all the secondary titles I'm going to keep and I'm going to have to keep those in storage.
I'm not going to keep all the authors, I mean all 6,000 authors that I've been collecting.
So the original ambitious premise?
I couldn't handle it.
I couldn't handle it, yeah.
You'd have to feed it in any way.
No, I'm not.
You're being realistic, perhaps.
It's just purely realistic, yeah.
And I suppose if you had unlimited funds and staff to do it, you could keep up.
But otherwise, it's... Well, otherwise it's what?
It's certainly beyond my resources and time capacity.
One of the burning questions I had, because when we were here a year and a half ago, you really weren't doing any, you were in a hiatus.
Right, right, right.
I think part of that had to do with the fact that you didn't have a place to put them.
You didn't enjoy them.
Right, right.
But now we have this wonderful place.
And I will never stop collecting.
I'm just going to be much more selective.
and more careful about it.
So what happens then?